Aporia integration (#1873)
DataDog/integrations-extras: aporia/README.md

# Agent Check: Aporia

## Overview

> Aporia is the ML observability platform, empowering ML teams with vigilant model monitoring and real-time alerts for drift, bias, performance, and data integrity while providing seamless metric tracking via tailor-made dashboards. Aporia's Production Investigation Room serves as a collaborative notebook, streamlining root cause analysis and explainability to unlock actionable insights for optimizing model performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aporia is the ML observability platform, empowering ML teams with vigilant model monitoring and real-time alerts for drift, bias, performance, and data integrity while providing seamless metric tracking through tailor-made dashboards. Aporia's Production Investigation Room serves as a collaborative notebook, streamlining root cause analysis and explainability to unlock actionable insights for optimizing model performance.

```

> This integration allows Datadog users to report their Aporia alerts to Datadog for a unified monitoring system. Datadog users will be able to receive, view, and track live ML alerts from Aporia within their Datadog account. Users will be able to know exactly which model and monitor fired the alert, with specific configuration details and additional information about the alert. Within their Datadog account, users will be able to view and track alerts over time by their severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration allows Datadog users to report their Aporia alerts to Datadog for a unified monitoring system. Datadog users can receive, view, and track live ML alerts from Aporia within their Datadog account. Users are able to know exactly which model and monitor fired the alert, with specific configuration details and additional information about the alert. Users can also view and track alerts over time by severity within their Datadog account.

```

## Setup

### Installation

> First you'll need an Aporia account. Visit [Aporia][1] for more info and to book a demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you'll need an Aporia account. Visit [Aporia][1] for more information and to book a demo.

```

> Once an account is available, [login to your Aporia account][2], then visit the Aporia integrations page and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Aporia the necessary permissions to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, [login to your Aporia account][2], visit the Aporia integrations page, and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Aporia the necessary permissions to your Datadog account.

```

Reviewer 2: Users should be prompted to kick off authorization from the Datadog UI, as when they do it externally it's hard to track the user's Datadog site.

### Configuration

> Once integrated, you can configure monitors in Aporia to send their Alerts to Datadog as well. You can track these alerts in Datadog and define follow-up actions as you see fit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once integrated, you can configure monitors in Aporia to send alerts to Datadog as well. You can track these alerts in Datadog and define follow-up actions as you see fit.

```

Reviewer 2: Can you specify if these alerts will be sent in as events? How will the user access them in Datadog?

### Validation

> Once integrated, go to the Datadog integration page in Aporia. There you are able to send a validation event to make sure the integration works properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once integrated, go to the Datadog integration page in Aporia and send a validation event to make sure the integration works properly.

```

## Uninstallation

> To remove the Datadog integration from Aporia, navigate to the Aporia integrations page and go to your Datadog integration. Then click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button below. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.
> Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys management page][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To remove the Datadog integration from Aporia, navigate to the Aporia integrations page and go to your Datadog integration. Click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button on the integration tile. 

Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked. Ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys management page][3].

```

# Agent Check: Aporia

## Overview

Aporia is an ML observability platform. This integration allows Datadog users to report their Aporia alerts to Datadog for a unified monitoring system.

This integration includes an intuitive dashboard to view all Aporia alerts over time and by configured severity.

> Additional customization is available using supplied event tags.

Reviewer 3: done

## Setup

### Installation

First, you'll need an Aporia account. Visit [Aporia][1] to create your account.

> Once an account is available, [login to your Aporia account][2], then visit the Aporia integrations page and add a Datadog integration. You'll be requested to provide your Datadog API key to grant Aporia the necessary permissions to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 3: done

# Agent Check: Aporia

## Overview

> Aporia is the ML observability platform, empowering ML teams with vigilant model monitoring and real-time alerts for drift, bias, performance, and data integrity while providing seamless metric tracking through tailor-made dashboards. Aporia's Production Investigation Room serves as a collaborative notebook, streamlining root cause analysis and explainability to unlock actionable insights for optimizing model performance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Aporia is an ML observability platform, empowering ML teams with vigilant model monitoring and real-time alerts for drift, bias, performance, and data integrity while providing seamless metric tracking through tailor-made dashboards. Aporia's Production Investigation Room serves as a collaborative notebook, streamlining root cause analysis and explainability to unlock actionable insights for optimizing model performance.

```

This integration allows Datadog users to report their Aporia alerts to Datadog for a unified monitoring system. Datadog users can receive, view, and track live ML alerts from Aporia within their Datadog account. Users are able to know exactly which model and monitor fired the alert, with specific configuration details and additional information about the alert. Users can also view and track alerts over time by severity within their Datadog account.

## Setup

### Installation

> First you'll need an Aporia account. Visit [Aporia][1] for more information and to book a demo.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

The instructions should start with logging into Aporia. If the user is not yet a customer, they can go through the Marketplace tile to kick off a trial and schedule a demo.

> Next, [login to your Aporia account][2], visit the Aporia integrations page, and add a Datadog integration. This guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Aporia the necessary permissions to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 4: If Aporia needs the user to click install within your app after the OAuth flow, you can add that step here, but again the OAuth flow needs to be kicked off from Datadog. Otherwise, Aporia won't receive necessary information, like the specific site and region of the Datadog user.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Ensure you have the necessary permissions, and then click "Connect Accounts."
```

### Configuration

> Once integrated, you can configure monitors in Aporia to send alerts to Datadog as well. You can track these alerts in Datadog and define follow-up actions as you see fit.

Reviewer 4: "...define follow-up actions as you see fit" is too broad. Can Aporia please be more prescriptive here? 

It's currently unclear what types of Aporia alerts/events the user will see in Datadog, and there should be guidance for what users of this integration should do with these events. 

Thanks

### Validation

> Once integrated, go to the Datadog integration page in Aporia and send a validation event to make sure the integration works properly.

Reviewer 4: Can you please add a link to this integration page/view where the user would send in a validation event?

## Uninstallation

> To remove the Datadog integration from Aporia, navigate to the Aporia integrations page and go to your Datadog integration. Click **Remove**. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the **Uninstall Integration** button on the integration tile. 

Reviewer 4: Can you please provide a link?
